[C#] Extract concepts from v2 grade-school exercise (#512)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/reference/exercise-concepts/grade-school.md

# Concepts of grade-school

> [Example implementation](https://exercism.io/tracks/csharp/exercises/grade-school/solutions/2fd52e1bbfcecdfaff4075c4)

Reviewer: Love your solution... it should definitely replace the current example that we have :)
https://github.com/exercism/csharp/blob/master/exercises/grade-school/Example.cs

Author: Agreed :)

## General

- functions: used as the main entry point for the exercise

> - function arguments: input strand is passed as an argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- function arguments: student name and grade is passed as an input argument
```

- return values: returning a value from a method
- scoping: use `{` and `}` to denote scoping
- interfaces: the type returned is an `IEnumerable<string>`
- classes: the tested method is defined in a class
- objects: creating an instance of the `SortedList<string, int>` class
- state: keeping track of the grades

> - static: the tested method is a static method

Reviewer: This one isn't static since you have to keep track of `_students`

Author: Correct! Removed it.
